KTOR-8069 Add `dev` command to run an application in development mode mode (#45)
ktorio/ktor-cli: README.md

Currently, Ktor dependencies can only be added to **non-multiplatform** Gradle projects using Kotlin DSL.

> ## "Run" a Ktor project in the development mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run a Ktor project in development mode
```

Reviewer: I also suggest to change the first three titles to use the plain verb form, e.g. "Install" instead of "Installing"

> The `dev` command executes the `run` Gradle task of a project while continuously rebuilding the source files on changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dev` command executes the `run` Gradle task while continuously rebuilding source files upon changes.
```

> So, the command allows, for example, uninterrupted development of a Ktor server application (without restarting it to observe the recent changes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows uninterrupted development of a Ktor server application without requiring a restart to observe recent changes.
```

> For the `dev` command to work, the project must have the Ktor Gradle plugin applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `dev` command to function correctly, ensure the Ktor Gradle plugin is applied to your project.
```

> To run the application in the development mode from a project in the current working directory, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the application in development mode, use the following command from the current working directory:
```

Author: The meaning of the fixed version is changed. The point is that the command runs an application of the project, which is located in the current working directory.  So without supplying the `-p` option, the project directory is assumed to be current working directory.

Reviewer: Ah ok, then disregard this suggestion. You can only omit the article in "development mode".

```shell
ktor dev
```

> Use the `-p` or `--project` option to specify a path to the project directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a path to the project directory, use the `-p` or `--project` option:
```
